Add "version" to README (#2770)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

* Fixed an issue where in some occasions running of test-playbooks could receive session timeouts.
* Fixed an issue where making a change in a module using an ApiModule would cause lint to run on the ApiModule unnecessarily.
* Fixed an issue where the `marketplace` field was not used when dumping pack zips.

> * Updated integration generated README for new version of integrations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed a typo in the README content generated with **update-release-notes** for updating integrations.
```
